A couple of things regarding this problem.
So if you have tried it by submitting it on this page.
Well, you might have realized that these are some 2 minutes to this.
10 minutes going to ten into to into case to case to my right, which is is Google still introduced
about four inch power forward into this into ten into two is going to change nine right and we cannot
not have this must be is in accord.
Right.
So.
And you think of some special trick in which we can optimize our code, maybe reduce some space.
So the problem lies here.
Hey, let me show you quickly.
Eight.
Tell me, guys, if there's a number of nine or ten digits, it's a candidate in the worst case.
What can be some of digits at max?
In midnight.
If all of them are nine, it can be nine into ten.
I'm saying it makes it just 98.
Look, there is some of the dudes, although I'm taking it more by key.
But will this amount of digits ever exceed 90?
No.
Right, because they say the maximum is 90, it can't go above 98.
If K is greater than 90, then it will always be less any golden 98.
If it is less than 90, then also they will be less than equal to name because I'm taking more baking.
I hope you got this point, mate.
So in instead of gear here.
Let's see that this state goes on a little nine D.
So now what are the new stewards we have?
We have ten into two into K into 98.
So let me check how much it is.
Eastern is about four into ten in nineties, nine into this into two which is 18 in ten is to the power.
Six, which is 1.8 to 10 days to power.
Seven again goes.
This is approximately equal to two entertainers, two by seven.
Again, we can see that this is too much and we cannot use this much because it will give me a memory
limit exit rate because this space is too much.
Eight.
So how how can I further improvise on this and introduce this case?
Well, let's just think about it.
Okay.
So this is nothing but some of mod.
Eight.
So what is some of what I'm always trying to add a number multiplied by some particular digit and divided.
Just think about of course, this is very tricky.
What I will be explaining you is very tricky.
But I want you to just think about this and can you use this key?
You need all these values of key in here.
Just think about this base case that.
If someone legitimate can only go till 90.
And will it ever be true for some particular case?
Right.
So I'm I'll just quickly give you an example.
Otherwise, you can simply posit it.
It's this amount of digits.
Some of the digits, some legitimate.
And this can go only till 90 hierarchies.
Right.
So let's see if K is greater than equal to 90.
Prior to the 98 if case greater than nine degrees in some warm digits, Maud and I would be zero if
K's greater than 90.
It can only be zero if the number is zero, right?
If the number is zero.
Then only.
Some of Egypt's.
And the more that we are taking, of course, can be zero.
Otherwise I won't even be equal to zero because K is greater than 98, because some will lie between
one and 90 somewhere and I'll dig more by k and k is greater than 95 is greater than 90.
This market value will never be equal to zero eight.
That means if K is greater than 90, there's more value will never be equal to zero.
And if this will never be equal to zero, the villa will return one because all for this will be this
one.
They should also be zero rate and we know that it can never be zero if is greater than 90.
800 greater than 90 is some digit mod can never be zero.
And if this cannot be zero, we will never read, will never hear.
This base case will even reaching ten zero zero and it will go on like endlessly rate.
It will be a waste of resources.
Basically it means we should not call the follow function if case is greater than 98.
What I'll do here is I'll simply add one thing, which is if underscore ten is greater than.
99.
Simply written.
I hope this makes sense by zero because.
These kids will never be true.
They will.
It will never return when it will always return with zero.
And it will return.
You need to buy to call it.
I mean, why do call this all function by to call it if it is giving me zero only right now the problem
is reduced rate.
The problem is reduced to L as an equal to 95 gazillions and equal to nine degrees.
Tell me what will be the value of some mod?
Just think about this because of course, for every summer we are taking it more like it will be between
zero in a year, but in our case as an equal to 90.
Some more will also be less than equal to.
90.
Not less than a little bit less than 90 because Kayla's an equal to 92, someone will be less than 90.
But I hope you got this because we are digging models, Becky, late.
This was a very good trick that I saw and it involved.
So that's made in another video for it.
I did not, you know.
Try to inculcate in the body.
Easier to do.
Because, you know, I already solved this problem like two years ago.
You can see.
So I was just trying it today and I always thought that I will.
I wrote this to you after the court ends, but I understood that some of digit can never exceed 90,
and if discontinuing I would exceed 19 will always be between one and 90.
If giggle is greater than 90.
Ahmad will never be equal to zero eight.
I hope so.
Some legitimate will never be to you.
I hope you're getting the point.
But if so, if now we have the condition when gays on less than equal to 90.
So some of more will always be less than equal.
Look, we saw this raid and grizzlies in the nineties, so it will be less than equal to 98.
Let me right now do.
Well.
So similarly, this is also reduced and indeed this has also reduced and indeed this has to do this
is already doing the system.
Right.
Let me take these new values in.
And two, instead of okay, we have 90 F and B and I already explain why are these 98.
90.
Let me be this.
Hey, it's.
It will obviously work.
And let me see you in the next part.
Thank you.